hey everybody this is Jesse from our
tree product review calm I wanted to get
on here and start doing a couple reviews
on different archery products I'm gonna
try to do about one a week on various
different things just try to help people
out in their purchasing decisions I know
I have bought a lot of things that claim
to do something and actually didn't so I
just want to help people so they don't
waste as much money as I have today I
wanted to start off with the Burris
landmark spotting scope but before we go
into that I'm gonna tell you a little
bit about my hunting season so far this
year during the archery season I got out
a few times but my wife was about eight
months pregnant and we didn't know when
she was gonna actually go into labor she
went about three weeks early with our
last child so I didn't get too far away
from the house so I just kind of stuck
around this area and we did get on to a
few decent bucks but we definitely
didn't seal the deal we're gonna try to
get out on this extend archery that Utah
has and see if we can't find something
and then I went out a few times with my
dad on the rifle hunt he had the same
problem with me that my mom actually and
having to go into the hospital and have
her knee replaced so we only got out two
days with his hunt but overall it's been
a lot of fun and we'll see what we can
do on this extended archery anyway yeah
I wanted to tell you a little bit about
this Burris landmark 20 to 60 by 80
objective it's it's a really good scope
for the price it's it's pretty light for
the size and it really has good clarity
especially in low light with that 80
objective lens a few complaints about it
one thing is that it doesn't have the
rubber armor coating so I feel like if
you drop this it's going to scratch is
gonna dead things like that I
another problem I've had is when we're
up in that mountains around here it gets
pretty windy and this
tripod mount that they put on this scope
is just a really thin piece of metal
Humbolt you can see that very good maybe
hold up against the light there
you might be able to see a little better
but it's about you know a four inch
piece of thin metal and when the wind
gets whipping and especially with the
size of this body of the scope it just
really shakes so what I found is if I'm
how do I put on the tripod I actually
jamma a good sized stick right in
between there and it really cuts down on
the vibration but you know for 200 bucks
you really can't beat this scope I don't
think I've looked through it next to a
Swarovski and obviously it's not as good
as Swarovski but it definitely isn't too
bad
it really looks pretty clear you can see
quite far with it and over I think it's
a great scope so yeah it's my first
review stay tuned I'm gonna try to get
one up every week look forward to
hearing from you make sure you make
comments down below thanks